tweak protonmail (#100)
deltachat/provider-db: _providers/protonmail.md

- protonmail.com
- protonmail.ch
before_login_hint: |

>   Unfortunately, Protonmail doesn't offer IMAP, so you cannot log in with Delta Chat to Protonmail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Protonmail does not offer the standard IMAP e-mail protocol, so you cannot log in with Delta Chat to Protonmail.
```
